README.md, before:

# Extreme Carpaccio
[extreme startup](https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup) + [elephant carpaccio](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TCuuu-8Mm14oxsOnlk8DqfZAA1cvtYu9WGv67Yj_sSk/pub)

## Instructions
1. Go to the sellers view and register yourself (URL example: http://192.168.1.12:8080/)
2. The server will start sending orders like this:

    ```
    POST /order HTTP/1.1
    {
        "prices": [65.6,27.26,32.68],
        "quantities": [6,8,10],
        "country": "IE"
    }
    ```

3. You should calculate the total and answer with an object bill, i.e.: `{ "total": 1000.0 }`
4. Your score will be shown in the dashboard

To calculate the bill, you need to consider the tax of the country from which the order came from and the reduction.

### Taxes
*Country* | *Code* | *Tax*
--- | --- | ---
Germany | DE | 20%
United Kingdom | UK | 21%
France | FR | 20%
Italy | IT | 25%
Spain | ES | 19%
Poland | PL | 21%
Romania | RO | 20%
Netherlands | NL | 20%
Belgium | BE | 24%
Greece | EL | 20%
Czech Republic | CZ | 19%
Portugal | PT | 23%
Hungary | HU | 27%
Sweden | SE | 23%
Austria | AT | 22%
Bulgaria | BG | 21%
Denmark | DK | 21%
Finland | FI | 17%
Slovakia | SK | 18%
Ireland | IE | 21%
Croatia | HR | 23%
Lithuania | LT | 23%
Slovenia | SI | 24%
Latvia | LV | 20%
Estonia | EE | 22%
Cyprus | CY | 21%
Luxembourg | LU | 25%
Malta | MT | 20%

### Reductions
*Total* | *Reduction*
--- | ---
>= 50 000 EUR | 15 %
>= 10 000 EUR | 10 %
>= 7 000 EUR | 7 %
>= 5 000 EUR | 5 %
>= 1 000 EUR | 3 %

Commit message:

Add more precision in the README.

README.md, after:

# Extreme Carpaccio
[extreme startup](https://github.com/rchatley/extreme_startup) + [elephant carpaccio](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TCuuu-8Mm14oxsOnlk8DqfZAA1cvtYu9WGv67Yj_sSk/pub)

## Technical Instructions
1. Go to the sellers view and register yourself (URL example: http://192.168.1.12:8080/)
2. The server will start sending orders like this:

    ```
    POST /order HTTP/1.1
    {
        "prices": [65.6,27.26,32.68],
        "quantities": [6,8,10],
        "country": "IE"
    }
    ```

3. You should calculate the total and answer with an object bill, i.e.: `{ "total": 1000.0 }` (the server checks responses using two decimal digits of precision, so, i. e., 10.1234 and 10.12 are equal).
4. Your score will be shown in the dashboard
5. The server will send you feedback like this:

    ```
    POST /feedback HTTP/1.1
    {
        "type": "ERROR",
        "content": "The field \"total\" in the response is missing."
    }
    ```
    
## Functional Instructions
To calculate the bill, you need to consider the tax of the country from which the order came from and the reduction.

### Taxes
Here is the tax table used in the exercise:

*Country* | *Code* | *Tax*
--- | --- | ---
Germany | DE | 20%
United Kingdom | UK | 21%
France | FR | 20%
Italy | IT | 25%
Spain | ES | 19%
Poland | PL | 21%
Romania | RO | 20%
Netherlands | NL | 20%
Belgium | BE | 24%
Greece | EL | 20%
Czech Republic | CZ | 19%
Portugal | PT | 23%
Hungary | HU | 27%
Sweden | SE | 23%
Austria | AT | 22%
Bulgaria | BG | 21%
Denmark | DK | 21%
Finland | FI | 17%
Slovakia | SK | 18%
Ireland | IE | 21%
Croatia | HR | 23%
Lithuania | LT | 23%
Slovenia | SI | 24%
Latvia | LV | 20%
Estonia | EE | 22%
Cyprus | CY | 21%
Luxembourg | LU | 25%
Malta | MT | 20%

For the order `{"prices":[15.99],"quantities":[1],"country":"ES","reduction":"STANDARD"}`, for example, the response should be `{"total":19.03}`.

### Reductions
Following the STANDARD reductions applied for the most part of the orders:

*Total* | *Reduction*
--- | ---
>= 50 000 EUR | 15 %
>= 10 000 EUR | 10 %
>= 7 000 EUR | 7 %
>= 5 000 EUR | 5 %
>= 1 000 EUR | 3 %

For the order `{"prices":[4.1,8.03,86.83,65.62,44.82],"quantities":[10,3,5,4,5],"country":"AT","reduction":"STANDARD"}`, for example, the response should be `{"total":1166.62}`.

Note that:
1. reductions are applied *after* the taxes;
2. another reduction types can appear during the game. You need to stay tuned in the server's feedback to figure out how to calculate it.

### Penalties and Cash
Note that if you answer something that does not match the expected bill, you will be charged with 10% of the amount of the right bill. If your answer is correct, you earn the total of the bill.
